So let's go ahead and set up a hilt and dagger.
So opening our project jet note, what are we going to do is let's go to our Gradle scripts there.
We get the first one build like process project there, and we need to add a few things the first thing
in 08 extant extension here.
Right.
I'm going to say helped underscore version and give it a value.
So as the recording this video, so as a recording this lesson right now, the version is to die at
thirty nine.
At the time of this recording hild version is to that.
39.
OK, by the time you may be watching this video, it may be higher.
So keep that in mind.
All right, so we have these hill version that is going to be used in a second here.
So right about here, all seats are for dependencies.
I'm going to add another class here class path and exit class path like that.
And I am going to write to the following I say, calm that Google, that dagger exactly as such and
then Colin say Hilt Bash, Android Gradle plugin and then I can say here.
Hilt version like that, so it's going to go ahead and pull this version that we added, they revealed.
Now you may ask, So where do I get this information?
How do I know what to type here?
Well, well, if you go to Google and type Android hilt like this, you will get most likely the first
page here.
OK, so click on that.
That's from developer that Android.
And here we are.
So here says dependency injection with health, so we can actually read more about Hild and how to use
it.
But most importantly, if you scroll down, it's going to tell you here.
So it will tell you exactly what you need to pass.
So it says here in our build script dependencies, you will have to add this class paths.
In fact, again, a copy that.
That's exactly what we have to our dependencies.
Make sure we are inside of this first build that gradle, the project there, and it's going to be exactly
the same.
What I've added, I'm just going to show you.
So as you can see, it says something like that.
If you copy and paste from there, this is a squiggly line.
You're going to get to say this is not the correct version or there is a newer version.
So what you can do can either click there and say change two two three nine like this?
So I just want to show you where I get these dependencies.
OK, so this is the same thing as what we have here.
It's just that I put the hild version at the top here, so I can call it.
All right.
Very good.
So coming back again, you can scroll down and there's other things we need to do.
You noticed that a type of uses plugins, so we need to also pass if you plug ins.
These two have to be passed.
So I'm going to copy these like that and make sure it says here, then apply the Gradle plugin and add
these dependency in your app.
Build that Gradle.
So I need to go to our app.
So this one here, jedno, that app double click and at the top, you could see something like this.
So I'm going to add that inside those too.
All right.
Let's go back and see what else can we do?
There get so next thing we need to do is to go ahead and sink our project.
OK, so when you think you may have this problem, says the hilt Android Gradle plugin is applied,
but no come Google Dagger hilt dependency was found.
What does that mean?
We missed something.
Let's go back to our help here, says we added this plugins.
Wonderful.
However, we forgot to add these other dependencies here.
So what I need to do is copy all of this to here copy and I'm going to go down here where it says dependencies.
So anywhere around here, what I like to do usually is I like to add comment, say hilt.
Dagger like this or I know the dependencies that I'm adding right there we have it, so now it's going
to say, OK, something is now right change to.
Now you notice here there's a version is the same because it's hilt, right?
It's the same as the version that we created earlier, right?
So it can actually invoke the hilt and the score version here.
Right.
Because we've added skilled version.
There, so I can't invoke that.
It's much easier, so I have one place where I have everything there.
OK, the same thing I can do here.
Held a version like this, in fact, it completes for you as well.
OK, that's another step, so it's important to follow these steps as they show here, because otherwise
you may end up running into issues as you saw.
So now we're ready to try again or sink.
OK, this looks like everything went well and no errors, so that's good, so we have now set up all
the dependencies that we need so that we can actually start using health.